Updated docs (#4)
singlestore-labs/singlestore-fivetran-connector: docs/overview.md

# SingleStore {% typeBadge connector="singlestore" /%} {% availabilityBadge connector="singlestore" /%}

[SingleStore](https://www.singlestore.com/) is a distributed, cloud-native database that can handle transactional and analytical workloads with a unified engine. It provides real-time analytics, transactions, and streaming capabilities, enabling users to handle diverse workloads on a single platform.

> NOTE: this connector utilizes SingleStore's [OBSERVE](https://docs.singlestore.com/cloud/reference/sql-reference/data-manipulation-language-dml/observe/) queries that are currently in a preview state. As such, they are intended for experimental use only. queries which are currently in a preview state. As such, they are intended for experimental use only.

> > WARNING: This connector temporarily doesn't work with [Unlimited Storage Databases](https://docs.singlestore.com/db/v8.7/manage-data/local-and-unlimited-database-storage-concepts/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> WARNING: This connector currently doesn't work with [Unlimited Storage Databases](https://docs.singlestore.com/db/v8.7/manage-data/local-and-unlimited-database-storage-concepts/).
```
As we don't promise or assume the connector will work (with Unlimited Storage Spaces) since it would beg the question "when?".

transactions, and streaming capabilities, enabling users to handle diverse workloads on a single
platform.

> **Note:** this connector utilizes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: this connector utilizes SingleStore's [OBSERVE](https://docs.singlestore.com/cloud/reference/sql-reference/data-manipulation-language-dml/observe/) queries that are currently in a preview state. As such, they are intended for experimental use only.
```

> SingleStore's [OBSERVE](https://docs.singlestore.com/cloud/reference/sql-reference/data-manipulation-language-dml/observe/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> queries which are currently in a preview state. As such, it is intended for experimental use only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
queries which are currently in a preview state. As such, they are intended for experimental use only.
```

> queries which are currently in a preview state. As such, it is intended for experimental use only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **Warning**: This connector temporarily doesn't work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> WARNING: This connector temporarily doesn't work with [Unlimited Storage Databases](https://docs.singlestore.com/db/v8.7/manage-data/local-and-unlimited-database-storage-concepts/).
```

> with [Unlimited Storage Databases](https://docs.singlestore.com/db/v8.7/manage-data/local-and-unlimited-database-storage-concepts/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- `_fivetran_deleted` (BOOLEAN) marks deleted rows in the source database.
- `_fivetran_synced` (UTC TIMESTAMP) indicates when Fivetran last successfully synced the row.
- `InternalId` (BINARY) is a unique ID that connector adds to distinguish rows in tables that do not

>   have a primary key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
